Method to flush emission to CSV (#236)
mlco2/codecarbon: README.md

    # GPU Intensive code goes here
```

### Flush data when running

> By default, Code Carbon only write the CVS output file when it stop.
> But for long run you may want to get intermediate data.
> It is possible to call the flush() methode to do so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Code Carbon only writes the CVS output file when it stops.
But for a long run you may want to save intermediate data.
It is possible to call the flush() method to do so.
```
